repair HypergeometricU
recreate function logGamma with fixed all errors
find and repair a bug in EllipticΠ(double k, double n)
kronecker product is bad
no infomations about mistakes in scripting when processing bad code
remember last open documents with editors, mybe with content
set extension .tsl/.tslf with editor options like save

test installer and upgrade options
add to tsl multiplying like 2x = 2*x
make descriptions and names, categories, etc for settingstypes
somehow manage to get codeeditors ExponentMode bind to exponentToolStripMenuItem Checked property
make codeeditor like real text editor with functions like save, tabs, load, solution, directory etc. more tabs and files blablabla
add search and replace windows to scripting
add printing option to codeeditors
search in the internet/base of knowledge about the function if we have nothing in function info
build new functioninfo.xml with empty data
add symbolic calculations
make wrapper for autocomplete to work natively in avalonedit (if this is even possible)
turn all delegate functions like Func to normal functions in elementaryfunctions and special
expose all things like numerical integration in API in scripting etc
make transformations enable for complexhcrat and chart3d
enable data loading for charts
enable better usage of transformation and charts scaling for loaded points
make charts export as image better with different types of image format
autocomplete in expression tetxbox make types of arguments visible in view but not in inserrted text (same goes for scripting)
enable data saving
enable exponent in scripting and custom functions, make wrapper around different types of codeeditors
-1. Instead of making var $1 = TypeDeducer.Func(($2) => $3) from function f(x)=x; make new Function.Function(TypeDeducer.Func(($2) => $3))
0. Settings / preferences window
1. Special function search list arrangement ( or arrangement by user).
2. Used functions history log.
4. Functions description.
5. Multi-language help files.
8. Associated Legendre functions Plm, Qlm for real l and m (not only for integers l,m)
10. Scripting: tracking user variables
12. Matrix division
14. Ker of Matrix
16. cechy macierzy
18. suma prosta
21. podpowiedzi składni
22. custom functions - make them better
23. rest of special functions
24. matrix more opearations
25. Weiestrass functions
26. theta functions
27. numerical calculations - make them better and for f(z) and f(x,y) functions too
28. tutorials on youtube
29. more tsl examples
30. shift+r_mouse_click on item_key activates new window
31. info on keyboard shortcuts
32. more than one script tab
33. 